Update configure-client-management-azure.adoc (#221)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/configure-client-management-azure.adoc

=== Access Tokens 

For your APIs, Azure AD client management in Anypoint Platform supports both https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/access-tokens[v1 and v2 JSON Web Tokens] (JWTs) on Microsoft identity platform. 

=== OAuth 2.0 Endpoints

> Anypoint Platform supports only tokens obtained using Azure AD v2.0 endpoints, also known as Microsoft identity platform endpoints. For example, Anypoint Platform supports the token endpoint: `https://login.microsoftonline.com/{tenantId}/oauth2/v2.0/token`. Below is an example of properties to use when you are using 'Authorization Code' grant type to obtain a token. 
> 
> * *authorize url*: https://login.microsoftonline.com/{tenantId}/oauth2/v2.0/authorize
> * *token url*: https://login.microsoftonline.com/{tenantId}/oauth2/v2.0/token
> * *client id*: {your client id}
> * *client secret*: {your client secret}
> * *scope*: https://graph.microsoft.com/.default
> 
> Note, Anypoint Platform does not support custom scopes. Please use the default scope for Microsoft Graph default scope. 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Anypoint Platform supports only tokens obtained using Azure AD v2.0 endpoints, also known as Microsoft identity platform endpoints. For example, Anypoint Platform supports the token endpoint: `https://login.microsoftonline.com/{tenantId}/oauth2/v2.0/token`. 

Use the following properties when you are using the Authorization Code grant type to obtain a token:

* `authorize url`: `https://login.microsoftonline.com/{tenantId}/oauth2/v2.0/authorize`
* `token url`: `https://login.microsoftonline.com/{tenantId}/oauth2/v2.0/token`
* `client id`: {your client id}
* `client secret`: {your client secret}
* `scope`: `https://graph.microsoft.com/.default`

Anypoint Platform does not support custom scopes. Use the default scope for Microsoft Graph. 

```
